Fixes suggested during the docs bash (#145)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/tutorials/excel-read-tutorial.md

    ```

6. Run the script.

> 7. You should see `[Array[1]]` in the console. This is not a number because ranges are two-dimensional arrays of data. That two-dimensional range is being logged to the console directly. Luckily, the Code Editor does let you see the contents of the array.

Reviewer: Consider setting each step in a numbered list to `1.` to autogenerate the numbers.

> 7. You should see `[Array[1]]` in the console. This is not a number because ranges are two-dimensional arrays of data. That two-dimensional range is being logged to the console directly. Luckily, the Code Editor does let you see the contents of the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. You should see `[Array[1]]` in the console. This is not a number because ranges are two-dimensional arrays of data. That two-dimensional range is being logged to the console directly. Luckily, the Code Editor lets you see the contents of the array.
```
